[Music]
a dangerous talk for ambulance Crews
driving through the streets in raah to
reach the
injured they find one man with sharpal
wounds for nearly 8 months now they've
dealt with a constant flow of dead and
injured
people we are receiving numerous calls
for help from citizens as quad copters
are targeting displaced people in these
areas that they're staying even in the
safe areas the difficulty for ambulances
to reach the is great due to the
targeting of the emergency teams
yesterday a car belonging to the civil
defense was
struck these ambulances are filled with
people needing medical
help what happened was an explosion took
place and there was shrapnel this is
what happened and the old man got strap
nael in his
head at Al imati Hospital Medics do what
they can do treat the
wounded it's the same for the few
hospitals so operating across Gaza with
the shortage of beds and medicines at
the European Gaza hospital south of
kenun some patients are having to be
treated on the floor the situation is no
different here in ALA Hospital A
desperate attempt to save lives with a
few resources left hind
Al Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer